README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pr0nview.com"><img src="public/icons/pronview-logo.svg" width="300" alt="pr0nView logo"/></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  Short description
  <br>
  <a href="https://reponame/issues/new?template=bug.md">Report bug</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://reponame/issues/new?template=feature.md&labels=feature">Request feature</a>
</p>

# Welcome to pr0nView

## Table of contents

- [Quick start](#quick-start)
- [Status](#status)
- [What's included](#whats-included)
- [Bugs and feature requests](#bugs-and-feature-requests)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Creators](#creators)
- [Thanks](#thanks)
- [Copyright and license](#copyright-and-license)

## What is it?

pr0n Viewer

## Features

pr0n Viewer

## Upcoming Features

pr0n Viewer

## Roadmap

pr0n Viewer

# Donations

# Development

## Install the dependencies

```bash
yarn
# or
npm install
```

### Start the app in development mode (hot-code reloading, error reporting, etc.)

```bash
quasar dev
```

### Build the app for production

```bash
quasar build
```

### Customize the configuration

See [Configuring quasar.config.js](https://v2.quasar.dev/quasar-cli-vite/quasar-config-js).

Commit message:

Update .gitignore and improve README structure and links
Standardize .gitignore paths for consistency. Revamp README with updated links, restructured headers, and added copyright/license section for clarity and professionalism.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pr0nview.com"><img src="public/icons/pronview-logo.svg" width="300" alt="pr0nView logo"/></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  The multimedia grid display system
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/pr0nView/pr0nview-releases/issues/new?template=bug.md">Report bug</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://github.com/pr0nView/pr0nview-releases/issues/new?template=feature.md&labels=feature">Request feature</a>
</p>

# Table of contents

- [Quick start](#quick-start)
- [Status](#status)
- [What's included](#whats-included)
- [Bugs and feature requests](#bugs-and-feature-requests)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Creators](#creators)
- [Thanks](#thanks)
- [Copyright and license](#copyright-and-license)

# What is it?

pr0n Viewer

# Features

pr0n Viewer

# Upcoming Features

pr0n Viewer

# Roadmap

pr0n Viewer

# Donations

# Development

## Install the dependencies

```bash
yarn
# or
npm install
```

### Start the app in development mode (hot-code reloading, error reporting, etc.)

```bash
quasar dev
```

### Build the app for production

```bash
quasar build
```

## Copyright and license

Code and documentation copyright 2023-2024 the authors. Code released under the [MIT License](https://reponame/blob/master/LICENSE).
